In the OneDrive web interface
there are three main areas for
heling you view, work with, and
manage your files.
We have the Navigation Pane over
here on the left, the toolbar
across the top, and the file
list which takes U the majority
of the window.
You may see slightly different
views deending if you're signed
into OneDrive with a personal
Work Oregon student account, but
basically you click any of the
categories here in the
Navigation Pane to determine
what you see in the file list
area.
Currently I have my files
selected so I'm looking at all
of my files and click recent to
see the files I've worked with
the most recently Photos to see
the photos stored on my OneDrive
account and so on.
U here in the toolbar area you
can use the search field to
search for files on your
OneDrive as well as create new
folders or documents or uload
files from your computer to
OneDrive.
You can also sort files to make
it easier to locate the ones you
want to work with.
For examle, I may want to sort
by the most recently modified
files, and you can change the
view of your files from this
menu.
Here I can try a compact list,
tiles or hotos to work with a
file, select it in the file list
area and then choose what you'd
like to do with it in the
toolbar area.
We can open it, share it,
download it, delete it, and so
on.
The toolbar also lets you check
information about your selected
file by clicking this info
button.
For example, if it's a file
you've shared with or are
collaborating on with others,
you can see who has access to
the file and who last worked on
it.
O That's an overview of how to
manage your files in OneDrive.